he is the president of ecuador rafael
belt started its second day of
official visit he makes in these
moments to russia with a wreath
at the monument to the unknown soldier
the president belt began the eve
his journey in the city of san
Petersburg which is the second city ​​more
important in that country
President Rafael Belt was received
this Tuesday at the kremlin palace
by his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin
during the second day of your visit
official to the Russian Federation the
Ecuadorian president highlighted the
magnificent state of relations
bilateral agreements between both nations and the
interest to strengthen the facts
consummated with the subscription of several
bilateral agreements related to
the energy branches the transfer of
technologies and the development of
knowledge exclusively for telesur
Belt highlighted because he believes that the
key to development lies in talent
human is a very program
full of generation as I said of that
human talent on all aspects
of scientific and technological preparation
in that cultural aspect
the culture of excellence overcome the
mediocrity and so on
this contributes a lot but also the
role of government leaders and that
we say we repeat it every day with the
Ecuatorian President of Ecuador
also abounded about the term bio
knowledge and the reason for the project
government and they have to close this
university that is going to dedicate to that
gave knowledge to the Amazon rainforest is
as a library with millions of
volumes of which we have only read
453 the idea is that that university serves
for all countries the basin
amazonian and at the planetary level for
researchers from all over the world
to come to do research
about bio-knowledge is the visit
official of the Ecuadorian leader to Russia
continue this doctor with a tour
for the skolkovo innovation center
where it says it will be about the projects
Yachay government promises and that
have strap will also preside a
important forum for trade and
investments with state companies and
private companies visit the president
Ecuadorian to the Russian Federation
will conclude in the
of friendship with the people where it will be
invested doctor honoris cause july
Cesar Mejias Moscow-Russia Telesur